Spoor 5. Rail change. The IC
train to Genk via Leuven from 8.
22 pm. track 6
instead of track 5.
Spoor 5. Rail change. The IC
train to Genk via Leuven from 8.
22 pm. track 6
instead of track 5.
Shit.
Merci. huh. It's nice.
-Yes?
I thought: long flight. aircraft food ...
Tell something. What
was the highlight?
I said that of that
ayahuasca retreat?
Is that the crazy thing you did?
Want to puke in a hut in the mountains?
No. Otto. no. Yes. you puke.
But then you have a kind of ...
I don't know how to
explain that. Let it go.
Allee. Pavarotti. dirt.
Didn't you start painting and put some
things away from your grandmother?
Yes. it was busy.
Do you not find that problematic now?
What do you mean?
Your grandmother ...
This is your house now.
But you seem to
live in some museum.
I was just busy.
Busy?
With what?
You stopped with ...
Don't know. You are
on a break or something.
And we too.
This just doesn't work anymore.
Oh. wait a minute.
We don't have to take some
time to think before we ...
I just really caught time.
Really a lot.
Otto. you always
opt for the easy way.
And I feel that I am part of
that easy way. And I have ...
I don't want that.
But I love you.
Isn't that easy?
I am your first sweet. Otto.
How can you know
if you really love me?
I want you to take more freedom.
That you try things.
Okay?
Okay.
I don't want to be the reason that you
have never seen anything of the world.
I think that's better for us to
let go of each other for a while.
What is that for a moment?
-Yes. I don't know.
Is this such a ayahuasca-kots insight?
No. sorry.
Sorry. wait.
I have to show you something.
Something you certainly didn't see coming.
Wait. huh.
Boris?
He says I am on a break. That I have to grab my freedom. that
I always choose the easiest way. What does that even mean?
And apparently I live in a museum.
-Oh. Otto.
And then he just left.
-That is really mega fucked-up.
You know. I just don't get it. I
don't need any freedom at all.
What does it matter
that he is my first love?
Nothing.
-Hoelang are you already with Gillis?
Yes. okay. I know
that is nothing to do
about. but you know as
well as I used to be a slut.
But the point is that you can't
blame me for being not a slut?
And what is the difference
between one penis or 21 dicks?
Nothing.
Sorry.
Hey. Esther.
-Goeiemorgen. Otto.
Ça va?
-Yja. a girlfriend who just ...
Long story.
-No problem.
Say. your first client is already waiting.
Do you like it?
Certainly?
Yes. yes.
I learned from the best. right?
Allee. success. isn't it?
-Merci.
In the past you had to be
crazy for a psychologist.
Fortunately. that is now over.
Is there perhaps a ...
Specific reason or a problem for
which you made an appointment?
The divorce.
After forty years I thought: not today.
And I told Patrick ...
I said: Patrick. we're going to
divorce. And do you know what he said?
He said like
this: is good.
And what do you feel when you tell that?
I am angry.
No. I am sorry.
Sorry I have waited so long.
And you might tell
something more about ...
Patrick?
-Patrick. yes.
Patrick is a good person.
not of that.
Only. Patrick is Patrick is Patrick.
It is all so predictable.
And boring.
And was that the biggest problem?
Do you know what it is? We should
never have gotten married so early.
That used to be so.
And now I think: who would
I have become without him?
Do you understand that?
And you?
Do you have a girlfriend. Manneke?
No.
Smart.
Thank you.
Otto.
Otto. sorry.
Allee. spring.
-Doe open.
Sorry.
What the fuck?
Don't you have a flami ... What is
that called when you have burned?
Maybe in the refrigerator?
Otto. Otto. Otto ...
-What?
It is even worse than I thought.
Sorry. sorry again.
Show.
-It is okay.
Painful?
I don't see anything.
I will make a drawing.
Then you can still sell it.
Ça va?
Yes.
It is not too bad.
-No.
With you.
What is that?
-What?
This here?
Time to hand over Dirk.
-Otto ...
Yes. betting is losing.
Come.
Yes. laugh with the people.
That's easy.
I never thought you would dare.
Not to lose.
You pretend to be worth a lot.
We found that on the street. huh.
Dirk Grows on You.
Believe me.
What is that?
Say. don't judge. huh.
-Did I unsubscribe?
You started.
-I have ... no. that's not true.
I didn't start. I didn't
go judging at all.
What?
-What the fuck. dude?
Do you sit here every
night and staring at TV?
Yes.
-Otto. no. you are single.
And then?
-You have to poop.
With many men.
-thanks.
Do you already have those apps?
No.
-Tinder?
Bumble?
FEELL?
Grindr?
-No.
Give your cell phone.
Give it off.
-No.
We are going to create
a profile today. Give.
Okay. we need an alias.
Yes. just do Otto.
I have it.
What?
-Elio.
Isn't that some cliché?
Elio. Elio. Elio.
-Oliver. Oliver. Oliver.
I knew you were going to do that.
Okay.
What is your tribe?
My what?
-Yyy gay tribe.
Here. "Everything
you need to know about
gay tribes." Come. give that here. I'm tired of it.
No.
Okay. see what suits you.
Daddy?
No.
Bull?
Wolf.
No.
Otter?
"Just like Bears. Otters are
very hairy." I am not hairy. do I?
-No? What is this?
Sorry. but for sure.
I don't even have to
swipe. This is a menu.
What is on the menu?
CudleBuddy.
Cute.
This one just has a tree-emoji.
Nice.
That promises. isn't it?
-That promises.
This simply says: eat my ass.
Bon Appétit.
Yet.
Which are there?
What is?
Boris.
Now that is completely ridiculous. Elio.
-No.
That's not ridiculous. okay?
First. your photo is not on it.
So he never knows that you are.
And second. he dumped you
and you can do what you want.
What the fuck does he
even do there? Glans.
Here even states how far he is
removed from me: 980 meters.
Wouldn't I just
send it a message?
No. no. no.
Otto. sorry. but no. We are going
to put the mobile away again. Okay?
TV?
Okay. friends ...
Big news. we ...
Sorry I interrupt. Guard. Didn't
we wait for everyone to get there?
Yes. but we are ...
-I thought Boris was coming.
Boris?
Is Boris back from travel?
Boris is sick.
-Nothing tropical?
No.
It's done with Boris.
-What?
Oh. Otto.
Suddenly?
Can we just not
chat about it. please?
Yes. okay.
-Gillis. you wanted to say something.
No.
You had big news. right?
Yes. but maybe
better another time.
Hey. spring?
What. spring?
Gillis and I bought a house.
Wablief?
What?
-That's not possible.
Congratulations.
-
Merci. merci. merci.
-I did not know you were looking. I didn't
know you could do a house in Brussels .
..
No. but it's not in Brussels.
-Where then?
Velzeke. Back to the roots.
Yes. it is a house of an aunt.
Allee. he is dead. isn't it?
Happy. No. not happy. But
good now for us or something.
You will soon be a
farmer's wife spring or what?
Say. farmer's spring.
come here. Come. Say.
Congratulations. young.
Merci.
-So nice.
Congratulations.
-Merci.
Yes. congratulations.
Busted.
Spring. please. I'm peeing.
-I am also at 't Plassen.
Allee. so Velzeke?
Nice. you know.
Yes?
What could be beautiful then?
Otto. I wouldn't move if
it wasn't an opportunity?
Boerenbuitenkans.
I forgot that you were so funny.
Spring?
Do you find me boring?
-Boring?
You are my best friend.
That is not an answer.
-Why not?
Yes or no?
Maybe a bit predictable.
-What. and then my tattoo?
Otto. that proves my point. The
first letter of your love is a bit ...
I know.
From your ex then.
You are ...
You are reliable.
And you are good.
Isn't that nice?
So boring.
I don't want to be boring at all.
Are you ready?
Yes. I'm ready.
You?
Bye. bye. bye.
Bye. bye.
Bye bye.
-Otto. Salut.
Ciao. Ciao.
-Sture when you are at home.
Salut. huh.
Dada.
I drank that last time and
I was fed up immediately.
I don't like beer.
-It doesn't taste like beer at all.
It is somewhere between
an energy drink and kriek.
I say it. you are fed up immediately.
Yes?
Do we grab that?
-Do I pay today?
Good. thank you.
Please.
Good evening.
Have you never seen
two men kissing or what?
That's ...
My boyfriend.
Allee. yes ...
ex-boyfriend.
His name is Boris.
And you?
-Stto.
I'm Joni.
Sorry. my French is really lousy.
Are you going to dance?
Why not?
I can't dance.
-That is bullshit.
I'm just boring.
-I wanted me to be boring.
Really not.
What do you want. Otto?
Why are you here?
I wanted to see him.
-You've seen him.
And now?
Don't know.
What is your plan?
Do you try to decorate me. Otto?
Failed.
Show your tattoo again.
Show.
You know. failure
can be very good.
You live in Brussels. right?
Then you are lucky
as a young. single gay.
What are you going to do. Otto?
Have a nice evening.